My emperor pays homage to the god of war
You two are not good at coaching at the Pentatonic Channel
I'm here to work
adult
You must have forgotten what day it is today
Today is the Yunqi Conference of the Valkyrie Platform
As usual.
You need to be quick to all the disciples of the Valkyrie Platform
Look at my memory
Forget about it
And the Xiao family's competition to recruit relatives is more important.
Push that Yunqi conference to after March
Yeah.
And since you two are already here
Just stay a little bit next week
It is also convenient for me to dispatch you at any time in the future
Push strands to shine
I don't know.
I just heard that there is an ant surnamed Jiang
Unkind to you
Do you need us to go abroad to solve it?
Knowledge ant
Isn't it because you are not afraid of being contaminated when you wait for your shot?
Who are the three of you talking under the tree?
captain
Haha, how about the three of you?
Is it alone?
Sorry big brother
The one after get off work
Here's my card.
Can you call me anytime you need?
This year
Blind people also pay a price